Y-You're bothering me.
I don't remember ever asking
you to watch over me!
Don't force that on me!
Want to skip class today?
No, I'm going.
Skipping would make it all go to waste.
Good day, everyone.
Alicia, dear?
What the hell are you doing here?
I've transferred to this class as of today.
The classes in the lower grades were
so easy, I was bored out of my mind...
But I presume the highest grade level
will be good for some amusement!
All lies.
I studied my butt off to catch up to them.
That condescending tone...
You're such a vulgar woman.
Everyone, stop!
Yes, her phrasing may have been a bit harsh,
but it's not right to alienate her.
Alicia, dear, I'm so happy
we're classmates now.
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
The Villainess and the Dramatic Chin Lift
Alicia, dear!
Would you like to have lunch together?
No, thank you.
I have no intention of
being friends with you.
I'd like us to be closer.
Do you never learn?
Up until now, everything I've
wanted always came to be,
so I was convinced that you and
I would become friends, too.
After what you said, I thought things over.
And I came to a realization...
It was rude of me to assume
everyone would automatically like me.
So now I want to start over,
and talk about all kinds of things
so we can become friends.
Must it always come back
to being friends? I—
Whether we can be friends or not is one
of the things I want to talk about.
I want to know more about you.
What, she doesn't hate me?
That's a heroine for you.
My least favorite type.
It's people like her who are loved.
And the best match for the prince is...
Alicia, dear?
I'll pass on lunch. I'm not in the mood.
It's crazy to compare myself to the heroine.
I'm the villainess here!
I guess even you hesitate and
worry about things sometimes.
Maybe Prince Duke is actually special to me.
You say this now?
Why can't I be a proper
villainess in front of him?
Maybe you should stay away
from him for a while?
Then you might be able to figure out
what Prince Duke means to you.
I can't do that!
It would look like I was running away...
and that's not a villainess thing to do!
Oh. Okay.
Yes, that's right. Running
would just be pitiful.
I'm far from being the ideal
villainess right now.
Did you get your answer?
I don't know.
But for the sake of being
true to myself... I'm going.
Thank you for the meal.
What is it?
Alicia?
You look surprisingly unbothered.
And here I came to see you hurt and sulking.
Too bad. Is that all you wanted?
No. I wanted to tell you
that I never asked for your help
but appreciate it regardless.
Huh?!
I was genuinely happy to know
that you were worried about me.
And I apologize for taking
such a harsh attitude.
I am sorry.
However...
if you must watch over me, why
not just come out and tell me?
Expecting someone to understand when you
don't say anything is presumptuous.
So I'm going to say this loud and clear:
I would never just watch
over someone from afar.
I'd protect them out in the open,
with my own two hands.
I'm not a heroine. I'm a villainess.
And I'll respond to the prince
the way a villainess would.
Okay, I get it. I won't hold back anymore.
You'd best be ready.
Duke!
We can't make a decision about
the music festival without your input.
Let's talk it over together, okay?
Wait, have you been ditching the meetings?
So he was sulking, in his own way.
Sorry, Alicia, but I need to go.
Alicia, dear, see you later, okay?
Yes, later.
She sees me as a rival now!
Our hard work is finally paying off!
I was upset with the game for making the
villainess five years younger than the heroine,
but we finally did it!
Ow!
It's still too soon to celebrate!
We're only on Liz's radar
as a romantic rival now!
That's true!
Yes. My only goal is to be
the greatest villainess, one who can
genuinely compare with the heroine.
I want her to see me as a rival
in terms of ability, too.
And I want to be a villainess
who goes down in history!
Um, Miss Alicia...
I have a favor to ask.
A favor? We've never even
met. What's your name?
Um... I'd like you to come with me.
Why?
Just for a moment!
I'm begging you! Please...
If you won't explain what's
going on, I refuse.
Do you think I'm stupid enough to
follow anyone without being told why?
P-Please forgive me!
Class is about to start.
I'm in a hurry.
W-Wait! Miss Alicia!
I'm sorry... I'm sorry!
You should always treat books well.
Now, good day to you.
What was that all about?
No idea.
That was good enough, right?
Can't you give poor,
unfortunate me some love?
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
Uh, no.
No, wait!
Yeah, right! Just kidding!
No way, no way! Not a chance!
Alicia?
Ah, dear brother.
That is not a look I'd expect you
to give your baby sister.
What do you want?
Albert!
Alicia, dear, I'm glad you came.
I received an invitation, after all.
An anonymous order to come to
the rose garden after school.
Was that a friend of yours?
Huh?
I'm the one who wrote that letter.
Oh, it's that girl.
I think her name was...
Why, Jane!
Thank you so much for the invitation.
Did you wish to discuss appearances again?
I'm here to hold you accountable for
bullying my dear friend Marika.
It's that dodgy girl.
So this was a setup.
Right. This means I've
gotten them to hate me.
As a villainess, of course
I'll face this head-on.
As you all know,
this girl, in her jealousy, has repeatedly
and despicably harassed Miss Liz.
And because she's no match
for the virtuous Miss Liz,
she's been beaten at her
own game every time.
And she took out her pent-up
resentment on Marika!
But kind, sweet Marika quickly gave up
and came to me for help.
I have no memory of this.
I've only ever spoken to this girl once.
She wouldn't even tell me her name.
Feigning innocence won't help you.
Marika.
R-Right.
I gave her some advice to
ensure there'd be proof.
I'm begging you! Please...
I refuse.
Do you think I'm stupid?
It's the conversation we had...
No, it's not. Something feels off.
P-Please forgive me!
I'm sorry... I'm sorry!
I'm in a hurry.
Now, good day to you.
She calls Marika out at every turn
to do these mean things to her!
That sound in the middle... Was that...
She got violent with her?
Talk about scum.
It's not true! That recording is—
So she edited it.
Earth magic isn't really my specialty,
but I'm pretty sure that's
a high-level spell.
Not bad! She'd make a decent villainess!
Alicia, dear, what is the meaning of this?
Marika is a kind, reserved girl.
Being so mean to her will only wither her!
A kind girl?
You're such a poor judge of character, Liz.
Huh?
That's enough out of you!
What impudence!
You can't talk your way out of this!
Have some shame! Own up to what you've done!
We have the proof!
Apologize to Miss Marika!
You'd best apologize, Alicia Williams!
I've been unanimously
cast as the villainess.
I amaze myself!
Now, what shall I—
P-Please, wait!
This isn't right!
Alicia says she has no recollection of this,
but you're barely even listening to her.
It's as if you just want to make
her out to be the bad guy!
I've never met her before.
Why would she cover for me right now?
Carol, what are you implying?
It took a lot of courage for
Marika to tell us this,
and you're doubting her?
Th-That conversation alone
isn't enough to judge.
We need to hear both sides.
Are you saying Marika's playing some trick?!
No!
She's actually trembling.
I'd like to tell her I
didn't ask for her help,
but I don't want to be a villainess
who knows no gratitude.
If you're going to say
all that, show us proof!
Now, look—
If it's proof you want, I've got some.
Mel...
Um, Miss Alicia...
I have a favor to ask.
A favor? We've never even
met. What's your name?
Um... I'd like you to come with me.
Why?
Just for a moment!
I'm begging you! Please...
This sounds like that
recording from before...
If you won't explain what's
going on, I refuse.
But it's... different?
Do you think I'm stupid enough to
follow anyone without being told why?
P-Please forgive me!
Class is about to start.
I'm in a hurry.
What is the meaning of this?
W-Wait! Miss Alicia!
W-Well...
I'm sorry... I'm sorry!
You should always treat books well.
Why are there two recordings
that sound so similar?
Oh. One of them must be a lie.
You think a teacher with earth
magic could work it out for us?
Jane ordered me to do it!
Hey!
She said she wanted pretext to
turn everyone against Alicia!
I was so scared, I couldn't say no!
Jane?
Alicia might be a mean girl,
but that doesn't mean we'll condone
false accusations against her.
You ruined Liz's tea party just for this?
B-But...
But she's blatantly insulting Miss Liz!
Because Miss Liz is so kind and strong,
she ends up accepting all
the rude things she says!
Didn't you all say you
couldn't stand for that?!
That's why I felt like I needed
to punish her instead!
And you're—
Alicia, dear, I'm sorry.
This is my fault.
Did you put her up to this?
If not, then it's between me and them.
I need no apology from you.
Jane said she did it for my sake.
Even if I didn't ask her to,
I don't want to be the type that
can turn a blind eye so easily.
Now, that's reasoning I can understand.
I don't accept your apology,
but I won't refute it.
Thank you.
Is this little farce over now?
Let's go, Ali-Ali!
"Ali-Ali"?!
Well, there's so much
I want to talk to you about!
I have questions for you, as well.
Oh, gosh! What's she gonna ask me?
So...
Just who are you?
You couldn't have made that
recording at the perfect time
if you didn't know what was going to happen.
In fact, I'm certain you weren't even there.
Why did you do this?
Wow, that's a lot of questions.
First of all, as for who I am...
I'm your biggest fan, Ali-Ali!
Hey!
That silky black hair,
that pale, glassy skin,
the sharp words that pour
out of your lovely lips...
And those strong-willed golden
eyes are just the best!
So overbearing!
Also... I absolutely hate Liz Cather.
She just shoves her nose right into
everyone's business, no matter who,
thinking she understands
them better than anyone.
Most people would be annoyed by that,
but everyone just ends up becoming
yet another one of her followers.
Yet there's no sign she's
used any spells or magic tools
to mess with people's minds.
It's just so utterly creepy.
There are some students
who aren't her followers,
but most are keeping quiet because
they just want to get by in peace.
I guess her Saint qualities
don't affect everyone.
Remember when you so boldly argued against
her essay in the rose garden before?
You handled that with such
finesse! It felt great to wa—
Ow, ow, ow, ow!
Prince Duke?!
I'm sorry for the trouble
my subordinate caused you.
Subordinate?
This is Mel, my personal spy.
A spy?!
No way! That's such
a villain thing to have!
Ali-Ali, check to make sure
my skull isn't cracked!
She's eccentric, but she's a genius
when it comes to earth magic.
She acts as my eyes and ears.
See, with earth magic, you can
record sound, as you saw earlier,
and it also allows you to hide
and conceal your presence!
So that's how you were able
to record that conversation.
I learned of their little
scheme while on duty.
On duty?
I had ordered her to keep an eye on you.
Oh, but it's not as if I was
watching you around the clock!
I stay in my own class
when school's in session.
I didn't tell you sooner
because I didn't want it
to lessen your freedom.
I like you when you're being who
you are, vibrant and lively.
I thought that if you knew,
you'd find it restrictive.
But hearing what you said
made me rethink things.
That's why he decided
to come clean about me.
And I'm so happy I'm allowed
to talk to you now!
I want to protect you with
my own two hands, too.
Prince Duke...
Don't go off into your own world, you two.
Then... you also knew that I was
playing the villainess role
because you heard it from her?
I think it was pretty obvious.
Well, that's fine. I mean...
It makes me feel like a co-conspirator,
and that's not so bad.
That makes you happy...
when it's the guy you like?
Hey! Wha—
U-Um...
I just remembered I have
something to do! Goodbye!
Hang on, Alicia!
You ran away.
Shut up!
It's not a lie that I promised
to meet with Grandpa Will!
That wasn't villainess-like
of me at all, though.
I just want to be a woman who can
make Prince Duke's heart race...
I think... it probably is racing.
Alicia! Gill!
What's with the big crowd?
Grandpa called us all here.
Are they...
Our vigilante corps.
Master Will put them together.
I'm the leader.
Since you gave him an eye,
he's been throwing all his energy
into changing this village.
It's like he gets younger with every minute!
Grandpa Will...
I see you're all here.
Thanks for coming, Alicia and Gill.
I thought it was about
time I told all of you...
about Roana's future, and
about my own boring past.
I am the older brother of the
current king, Luke Seeker...
Will Seeker.
What?!